README.md, before:

# CS 5660: Advanced Topics in Artificial Intelligence
## Final Project: Recommender System for Books

Software Requirements: 
  - Our code is in a Jupyter Notebook file and can be run via Google Colab or locally using suitable hardware.


Steps to set up the environment: 
  - Hardware Requirements: On Google Colab, switch from CPU to the highest GPU since we’re tokenizing a large amount of data.
  - Once you have the correct hardware requirements, Run All on the Google Colab to begin seeing the visualizations and results. 
  - Optional: NVIDIA RAPIDS packages can be used for increased GPU acceleration for the dimensionality reduction as displayed in the packages section. For further information:
  https://colab.research.google.com/github/rapidsai-community/showcase/blob/main/getting_started_tutorials/rapids-pip-colab-template.ipynb?ncid=so-othe-933049-vt27



Command-line instructions: 

- The system will prompt the user for their favorite book and favorite genre. Thus it will require two command-line inputs from the user and you should see 10 recommended books at most along with the evaluation metrics: precision, recall, f1-score, MAP, MRR

Commit message:

Update README with project assignment details
Added project assignment context to README.

README.md, after:

# CS 5660: Advanced Topics in Artificial Intelligence
## Final Project: Recommender System for Books

As assigned in CS 5660 as final project and completed in a group of four.

Software Requirements: 
  - Our code is in a Jupyter Notebook file and can be run via Google Colab or locally using suitable hardware.


Steps to set up the environment: 
  - Hardware Requirements: On Google Colab, switch from CPU to the highest GPU since we’re tokenizing a large amount of data.
  - Once you have the correct hardware requirements, Run All on the Google Colab to begin seeing the visualizations and results. 
  - Optional: NVIDIA RAPIDS packages can be used for increased GPU acceleration for the dimensionality reduction as displayed in the packages section. For further information:
  https://colab.research.google.com/github/rapidsai-community/showcase/blob/main/getting_started_tutorials/rapids-pip-colab-template.ipynb?ncid=so-othe-933049-vt27



Command-line instructions: 

- The system will prompt the user for their favorite book and favorite genre. Thus it will require two command-line inputs from the user and you should see 10 recommended books at most along with the evaluation metrics: precision, recall, f1-score, MAP, MRR
